Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, Robin creates the video models.
Okay, now, what is model Zaatari?
We are going to create a new PHI, and we're going to call this video darts.
That's okay.
Now, the first thing to do is to create a class, and we're going to call this class of video.
Okay?
And now we are going to create the fields we need for the video.
Okay.
You can say finer.
And streaming and the user name uploading the video and as well fina the UID of the user uploaded the
video and it's going to be a detail type of string, right?
Okay.
And that's all fine on the I.D..
Okay, then shrink.
Okay.
As all finer and stringy we can see the likes of his our menu lacks the video currently has and as well
we can.
So fine a string.
We can say comments.
Counts.
How many comments.
The video has.
FINA and.
Strange because as all share counts.
Okay.
This is going to be in.
Right.
The share count is going to be you can just see it.
Okay.
And as well string.
And this is going to be.
The we can't just say song name.
Okay.
Right.
And.
As well.
We can make this.
Find out.
Okay.
And what did I feel?
The way they'd find us trying to capture.
Capture and.
Find a string as well.
The video.
You are real, right?
We need that.
And find a string.
The thumbnail.
We got Tom.
No, we got from the video.
Or the video image.
Okay.
Finer and.
The profile for two.
Okay.
And what we need to do is to pass it on to the constructor.
Before then.
I'm just going to make sure we are not missing in the field.
Okay?
We need to use a name.
We need the.
We need to hide the likes.
The comments counts, the share counts.
His song name to capture the video URL, the Tom Neal and the profile photo.
Right.
Okay.
As well we can specify it is a type of string.
Shrink and now we need to eye light and use control and dots creates constructive or a fields.
I'm trying to be.
Okay.
Running this.
Now, all we need to do is to have this collar brackets.
And.
Over years of law and then require for this.
But it required.
Okay.
Required.
As well required.
Okay.
Required.
We still have some more required and required.
And.
Required.
Okay.
I think we listen for the end.
We can just say fine as well for now.
Okay.
And we need to pass it.
After the comet counts, we can just say this.
That.
The.
This dearth.
What's so Cher can't.
And as well, we can require this.
Okay.
Now contra and say, okay, now this all this feels we need for each video.
That is the user name, the user ID, Heidi.
The that is the idea of the video.
This is going to be the idea of the user and the likes of many likes.
The video has the comments counts on many convert.
It has many shares.
It has the song name right and the capture the video you are how the thumbnail we got from the video
and the user photo Jarrell who uploaded the video.
Okay, so this is basically all the fields we need for the uploaded video, right?
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next picture.